When dealing with JPJ, the most common questions that frequently asked are summarized as below:

Q: Can I settle my traffic summonses online?
A: Yes. Traffic summonses (JPJ and PDRM) can be done online by third party website. You may log on to MyEG's website and complete your payment there. If there are summonses that have been issued with a "Warrant Date Expired", you need to proceed to the nearest Traffic Police counter to clear them.

Q: What is Sistem Tukar Milik Sementara (STMS)?
A: STMS is a platform where vehicle owners can conduct an ownership transfer by doing an online transaction without visiting JPJ offices. This process enables registered owners to transfer the ownership to  used car dealers temporarily for a limited time. The temporary ownership transfer lasts for 6 months. The ownership transfer for permanent ownership to the used car dealer will take effect if the vehicle is not sold to a new buyer within the allocated temporary ownership transfer period.

Q: Where can STMS be conducted?
A: STMS can only be conducted at the used car dealers' premises registered with MyEG Services.

Q: How much is the fee imposed to the vehicle owner for the STMS process?
A: There is no charge imposed to the vehicle owner for the process.

Q: Does the vehicle owner have to go to Puspakom for inspection before applying for the change of ownership?
A: The vehicle owner does not required to go to PUSPAKOM before the temporary change of ownership.

Q: Do I need to inform JPJ if I have changed my vehicle's colour?
A: Yes. As required by section 12 (2) APJ 1987, the registered owner of a motor vehicle shall immediately inform the licensed registrar (JPJ) in writing of any circumstances or events that affect the resolution of any entry in the registered in respect of motor  vehicles.

Q: Do I have to change the vehicle registration certificate to my name if I bought a  used vehicle?
A: Yes. As required by section 13 APJ 1987, which is procedures regarding the exchange of possession of motor vehicles stating that the registered owner shall, within seven days after the change of possession, forward to the licensed registrar (JPJ), a statement in the prescribed form and shall submit to the new owner of the certificate of registration in relation to the motor vehicle.